# rock-paper-scissors
Prior to starting: 
    In this project, I will attempt to recreate the classic game "Rock Paper Scissors". Using a boilerplate HTML file, I will code all of the necessary logic in Javascript. The game is played in console. The player will compete against the computer in a five-round matchup. The game will receive input from the user as to their choice of actions, while the computer will randomly select one of the three options. Each head-to-head will count as a round, and the program will keep track of how many rounds the user (and computer) have won. At the end, the program computes the winner of the best-of-five game, and displays a final message accordingly.

After finishing:
    This project was greatly rewarding. I feel much more confident in my Javascript skills, and it is amazing to see your own code go from scratch to finished project. Along the way, I encountered multiple errors, but because of the TOP lessons on errors, I was able to identify what I was actually telling the computer, and also how to change it to what I wanted to tell the computer. I planned this project out before starting, and that was extremely helpful! I did not find myself feeling lost or frustrated. Also, breaking it down into small chunks allowed me to focus on the fitting the pieces of the puzzle together. In the end, this project was pivotal in helping me gain confidence in my Javascript skills, and also allowed me to unlock the competitive edge of intentional programming.
